small tweeks to a few articles (#107875)
Azure/azure-content: articles/container-apps/networking.md

| Architecture Type | Description |
|-----------|-------------|

> | Workload profiles architecture (preview) | Supports user defined routes (UDR) and egress through NAT Gateway when using a custom VNet. The minimum required subnet size is /27. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Workload profiles architecture (preview) | Supports user defined routes (UDR) and egress through NAT Gateway when using a custom virtual network. The minimum required subnet size is /27. |
```
Fixing terminology

  - You can define the subnet range used by the Container Apps environment.
  - You can restrict inbound requests to the environment exclusively to the VNet by deploying the environment as [internal](vnet-custom-internal.md).

> [!NOTE]

> > When you provide your own VNet, additional [managed resources](networking.md#managed-resources) are created which incur billing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> When you provide your own virtual network, additional [managed resources](networking.md#managed-resources) are created, which incur billing.
```
Fixing terminology
